simona it went smoothly today how do you
feel on court I felt very well on court
it was a perfect day for me I played
really well and I did my game I was very
aggressive and I played very fast so it
was a good match and I'm really happy
that now I can play semifinals in Paris
a similar it seems to me that the more
matches you win the more people find out
about the operation year and five years
ago does that make you uncomfortable or
do you think it can actually help young
girls in a similar difficult situation
big decision I don't want to speak about
this one it's it made the long time ago
and it's something personal so I'm sorry
but about a nice i'll speak with
pleasure but with that problem it's my
personal thing sorry so how how did he
feel about this atmosphere most of all
the ends are behind you and they are
cheering for you yes everybody was with
me today so it was amazing on court even
when when I passed on court they were
with me and I felt amazing it was a
great match great great atmosphere out
there the court was nice was my first
time on Susan so everybody was nice with
me it was a perfect day and I cannot say
anything more maybe it wasn't her best
day today but for me was the best and
I'm really happy that I could could play
my game and to win against her because
it's a great great player so I want one
in two sets and very fast I'm happy and
I really want to look forward for the
next round because it's my first time I
finally said grand slam and I have to be
very focused very calm and to try to do
everything on court